Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Right now, terrorists are plotting
to assassinate a presidential candidate.
My wife and daughter have been targeted.
And people that I work with
may be involved in both.
I'm Federal Agent Jack Bauer...
...and today is the longest day of my life.
Mom!
Do you remember anything yet?
No.
Must be weird.
I mean, I never met anyone that
has amnesia before.
I really appreciate you helping me out.
- What's your name?
- T anya.
Tanya.
I hope you're not going too far
out of your way.
It's fine.
The hospital isn't far from here.
So, you come from money?
You look like you might, or your husband.
- My husband?
- A little band of gold? On your finger?
I don't have any memory of my husband.
Agent Pierce? Jack Bauer. We met
at the Senator's breakfast this morning.
Yeah, I'm sorry about that.
We didn't know the pressure
you were under.
- Is your family doing okay?
- Yes, they're fine.
This is my partner, Nina Myers.
Agents Johnson and Aleshire,
they're our surveillance technicians.
You've already met Miss Nash,
she's part of the Senator's advance team.
Yes, from the Senator's staff meeting.
Can I just say how sorry I am
to have caused so much trouble?
You didn't know
who Alexis Drazen really was.
Knowing he's a killer, it takes courage
to walk into a room with him.
I hate to interrupt, but we must get going.
All right, Drazen is down here in room 1243.
We went over it, there's nothing unusual.
It's ready to rig however you want to.
That gives us 30 minutes
to set up visual and audio.
- Fiber optics?
- Yes.
We also need to set up
monitors in an adjacent room.
All right. 1242 across the hallway
has been vacated already.
Okay, good. Gentlemen, I want you
to get started right away.
I want coverage of every foot
of this room from two angles.
- Yes, sir.
- Nina?
Yeah.
Take Miss Nash into 1242, start
prepping her, we'll be there in a minute.
Have you set up the other checkpoints?
Yes. Every entrance to the hotel is covered.
So is every approach
from a block away on all four sides.
Any civilians left on the floor?
- No. We've sealed it off.
- Good work.
You let me know
as soon as Drazen enters this hotel.
There's a hospital
at the bottom of the canyon.
I'm not sure how good it is.
Wait, pull over.
- You see something you remember?
- Yeah, I think so.
- The restaurant?
- Yeah.
Do you recognize anything?
I've been here before, I was with someone.
With your husband?
Not your husband?
Maybe we should just keep going
to the hospital.
No, just being here helps.
Hey, is there a maitre d' or manager?
A manager, Mr. Martin.
Is he here?
No, but he should be in about 20 minutes.
Thank you. I'm going to wait.
Maybe this Mr. Martin
knows something about me.
This place seems so familiar.
I think I'm going to stay.
You don't have to wait with me.
Listen, why don't you give me
your number...
...and when I'm better,
I'll send you whatever I can afford.
You know what?
Send me whatever you can afford, plus $10.
It's cab fare to the hospital.
In case Mr. Martin can't help you.
- Thank you.
- Good luck.
So, obviously,
without compromising yourself...
...we need you to behave the same way
you always have with him.
It's just the thought
of letting him touch me again.
I understand.
What do you usually talk about
with him? His work?
The truth is we didn't talk
much. It wasn't that kind of relationship.
It was more, "Take the plunge,
and worry about the consequences later."
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I'm waiting on a signal.
Elizabeth.
Hi.
I heard what's going on.
Are you sure about this?
I'm sure.
- If you have the slightest hesitation...
- No, I want to.
Definitely.
May I talk to you a minute?
Yes, sir.
I told you to look after her,
not put her in danger.
Senator, I don't need to remind you,
but the threat against you is very real.
That's no reason
to put someone else at risk.
I don't think I have.
I'm going to be right across the hall
in case something goes wrong.
He's a professional killer,
things can happen quickly.
And we know Drazen is not working alone.
Arresting him won't stop the others.
If you want to end this...
...we keep him on the hook.
I know you've been through a lot.
I know they've put your family through hell.
What does that have to do with this?
I hope you're not letting a desire
for payback cloud your judgment.
Sir, this has nothing to do with payback.
This is simply the best way
to nail these guys, period.
Elizabeth's father
is one of my oldest friends.
I have known her since she was born.
If anything happens to her,
I'm holding you personally responsible.
I understand Senator, and I promise you,
I will take care of her.
CTU. Almeida.
Hi, I'd like to speak to Jack Bauer.
He's not here. Can I take a message?
Listen, it's really important.
I need to speak to him now.
- Who is this?
- Kim, his daughter.
- Are you calling from the safe house?
- No.
The safe house has been attacked.
The agents that were guarding us are dead,
and my mother is gone.
Whoa, slow down. The agents are dead?
Yes, and I think they've kidnapped
my mother again.
I need to speak to my father.
He's not here, Kim.
Where are you calling from?
Can I speak to Nina Myers?
She's not here either.
Where are you calling from?
- A pay phone.
- Kim?
- Who did you say this was again?
- It's Tony Almeida, I work for your father.
Tell me where you are,
I'll have someone come get you.
Klm?
They said that to my mother.
That was Jamey Farrell, she was dirty.
She's gone.
That won't happen again.
Tell me where you are,
I'll have someone get you.
Listen to me, I need to speak
to my father or Nina Myers.
He's not here, Kim.
Neither one of them are here.
Kim? Hello?
We got a problem.
I just had a call from Jack's daughter.
The safe house was hit
and the agents are dead.
Call over there right now.
Nothing, not even ringing.
- Parker.
- Yeah.
Get Biselli and go
to the safe house on Pine Canyon.
- Be careful. Call me from there.
- I'm on it.
She said she thought
her mother might have been recaptured.
- How did the girl get out?
- She didn't say.
She only told me
she was calling on a pay phone.
Get a list of all the pay phone calls
that have been made...
.. within a five-mile radius
of the safe house.
- Are you going to call Jack?
- Not yet.
- It's his wife and kid.
- That's exactly why.
His emotions will distract him,
which puts Elizabeth Nash in jeopardy.
She's meeting Drazen in 15 minutes.
We need to keep Jack focused.
- All right, when do we tell him?
- We don't, I do.
When the situation is under control
and not until. Clear?
Elevator's In transit.
We're standing by. Copy?
Copy. He's on his way down.
- Are you finished yet?
- Ready in 10.
How is Elizabeth doing?
She says she's okay, but I don't know.
Are you sure we're doing the right thing?
If she plants the device,
it'll lead us to everything else.
- Yes, we're doing the right thing.
- And if she can't?
We'll arrest him and try to turn him.
He can't touch her. We can protect her.
- I hope so.
- Stay focused and we can.
- Hey!
- What?
Are you all right?
I'm sorry.
I can't stop worrying about Teri and Kim.
When I think about what they've
been through...
My little girl thought she was gonna die.
Jack, we're going to get them, okay?
If it's any help, from what I could tell,
Teri and Kim seemed all right.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- What did the doctor say?
- Just some bruises, that's it.
- Okay, thanks.
- Okay?
Yeah.
- Nina?
- Yeah?
You said that Paulson
was going to finish the debrief?
- Yeah.
- Why didn't you stay and finish it?
I thought you wanted me back
as soon as they were safe.
No, I asked you to stay
with them so that they would...
- Hey, Nina!
- Yeah, Mike. Just a minute.
Go back. I will be there in a minute.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I told you to take it off the hook!
- Rick, it's me.
I told you, you can't keep calling here.
Look, the safe house was bad.
The agents are dead...
...and my mother is kidnapped again.
I know they're after me.
You need to help me.
- Listen, I'm coming to your place.
- No.
You're the only person who knows
the people that have my mother.
I don't.
I can't go to the police,
I don't trust them.
After today, I don't trust anyone.
But if you don't help me right now,
I will tell the police everything.
Now, what is your address?
1804 Glade. It's in Echo Park.
1804 Glade, in Echo Park.
Okay, I'm going to call a taxi now. I'm
going to meet you there as soon as I can.
Wait for me.
Okay.
Who was that?
Another wrong number?
How's the election going?
- Exit polls look very good.
- That's great.
- Dad, I'm sorry.
- Sorry about what?
You weren't covering up Ferragamo's
death to protect your campaign.
You did it to protect me.
Where did you hear that, your mom?
No, not Mom.
There is some physical evidence,
In George Ferragamo's office...
...that leads directly to you.
Subtle enough so the fire marshals
didn't find it the first time around.
But with a little help, they'll find it.
So, I'll be framed for Ferragamo's murder.
Llke I said, whatever it takes.
That's why your father backed off,
and that's why you'll back off.
Do you know how dangerous it was,
to go see Carl, wearing a wire?
Look, it doesn't matter.
I got it. Now you can take it to the police.
Give me the tape.
What are you going to do with it?
Do you trust me, Keith?
It's me. There's been a development.
Palmer is staying in Los Angeles after all.
The Nash girl called you?
Yes. I'm on my way to the hotel now.
Did she say
why the Senator changed his plans?
No, he didn't tell her.
Really? She's a highly placed aide.
They've tightened security since
the attempt on his life at breakfast.
I wonder that she wants
to see you again so quickly.
You saw her a couple of hours ago.
You don't understand women, Andre.
I understand them well enough to know
they can use as well as be used.
Not this one.
Palmer should have been killed hours ago.
We can't afford any more mistakes,
we're running out of time.
He's as good as dead already.
You have to trust me in this.
The Nash woman will tell me
Palmer's schedule.
She doesn't suspect a thing.
Maybe not.
Just to be safe,
when you're finished, kill her.
Miss Nash, please follow me.
We've planted fiber-optic cameras
in the room.
Here, there, and all through here as well.
I'm not really sure what those are.
I'm sorry. Please sit down.
Fiber-optic cameras are tiny cameras.
They're almost impossible to see
even if you know where to look.
So when you come into the room...
...we will have complete visual coverage
of the entire suite.
And you'll be able to hear everything?
Yes, every word. You all right?
Okay, now he's going to be here
In a few minutes.
This is the tracking device that
we want you to plant on Alexis.
Once he leaves the hotel, we'll be able
to track every move that he makes...
...without exposing ourselves at all.
Where do I put it?
Preferably his wallet. He'll have it
at all tlmes, even if he changes clothes.
As soon as you plant this device,
I will call you on your cell phone.
I will tell you
the Senator is waiting for you.
You make your excuses,
and you get out of here.
So, I plant the tracker, the phone rings...
- And then you leave.
- Okay.
One more thing, if you start
to think he's getting suspicious...
...or you're uncomfortable in any way,
all you have to do is say the words:
"I hope I'm not getting a cold."
- "I hope I'm not getting a cold."
- Yes.
Then I'll be here in a few seconds...
...with at least half a dozen other agents.
But that would ruin the plan.
That doesn't matter.
Right now, all we're concerned with
is your safety. Do you understand?
I understand.
You don't have to do this.
If you're uncomfortable in any way,
no one here will think any less of you.
I'm fine.
And, thank you...
...for giving me this chance
to redeem myself.
You're going to be fine.
Let's go.
Mrs. Bauer? How good to see you.
You know me?
Of course. Will Dr. Parslow be joining you?
Dr. Parslow?
I'm sorry, what's your name?
Mrs. Bauer, are you feeling all right?
Actually, no.
I must have been
in an accident or something.
I seem to have lost my memory.
But I was driving by
and this place looked familiar, so...
- You say my name is Bauer?
- Yes.
Does that sound familiar?
Yes, it does,
but this man you mentioned...
Dr. Parslow.
You two used to come here together
quite often.
But he's not my husband?
Well...
He's a doctor, and he's a friend,
maybe he can hell.
I happen to know the hospital
that he works at. Shall I give him a call?
Yes, please.
We're set.
- Is everything up and running?
- Yep.
- How's Elizabeth?
- She's in her room, waiting for Alexis' call.
She said she wanted to be alone.
- Understandable.
- Yes.
You want to tell me what's going on?
What do you mean?
You've been holding something back...
...since you got back from
the safe house early.
This isn't the time.
Let's not get distracted.
If you don't tell me,
I'll be distracted. So spit it out.
All right.
Teri knows about us.
She guessed it.
I don't know how she did, but she did.
She asked me point-blank.
I couldn't deny it, she would have known.
Did you tell her that it was over?
Of course I did.
I think she was just shocked
that it was me...
...someone she knows.
When Teri and I got back together...
...I tried to talk to her about this, but...
...she said she didn't want to know,
so I just let it go.
Look, you asked me
to go to the safe house, so I did.
- I was just trying to help.
- I know.
This is my fault. This is all my fault.
Agent Bauer, come in.
- Bauer.
- We're a go.
Drazen dropped off the car
with the valet.
Should be upstairs
In about two and a half minutes.
Copy. All personnel in the lobby
and on the floors...
...we are a go.
He's in the room.
Copy. Advise when you are green to go.
There's no wallet here.
Let Elizabeth Nash know
that the wallet is either in his pants...
...or the jacket on the bed.
Copy that.
Give me a sitrep in one minute.
Hi.
It's so good to see you.
I can't believe how much I've missed you.
Oh, me too.
- Even though it's only been two hours.
- It seems like two years.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. Why?
You seem a little tense.
No, not at all.
Maybe a little.
The polls back East
close in less than an hour.
We're all just on pins and needles.
You must have some idea
about the outcome.
- Don't you, take...
- Exit polls.
- Yes.
- But they're not official.
What can we do...
...to help you...
...relax?
It's a little early,
but a vodka might be nice.
Nothing else?
If you insist.
- You feeling any better?
- Much.
You still don't seem like yourself.
I'll feel better,
after I splash some water on my face.
She's going for the jacket.
I want SWAT personnel
ready at the door, quietly.
She's got the wallet.
God, Jack, she's dropped it.
Come on.
Come on, Elizabeth, you can do it.
- To the future.
- She's put it in her coat.
SWAT team at the door, stand down.
Stand down at the door.
Sorry that this campaign
is giving you so much stress.
Goes with the territory.
Maybe when the election is over,
the two of us can go somewhere together.
- Like where?
- Doesn't matter to me.
As long as we're together.
So, who do I have to thank
for keeping you in town?
He's going to feel the wallet.
Give her a second, she's all right.
What made the Senator
decide to change his plans?
I don't know.
Is he going to stay in town for long?
It's hard to say.
What about his victory speech?
Will he be delivering it here at the hotel?
Why are you so interested
in the campaign all of a sudden?
I have no interest in the campaign.
My interest is in you...
...and I know
that you go wherever he goes.
I don't know where that is yet.
Well then, I won't let you out of my sight.
I must say I do find it a little strange
that the Senator wouldn't...
...include someone as smart and capable
as you in his...
...inner clrcle.
How would you know how smart I am?
We've spent, what, 15 hours together?
And most of that has been in bed.
That wasn't smart.
Was that a complaint or a compliment?
Both, I think.
I just realized that
I haven't eaten all day.
Which may explain
why I'm in such a foul mood.
You think you could order something up?
- What are you hungry for?
- Where's the menu?
I was hoping you would be hungry
for something...
- ... other than food.
- There you go. Good girl.
It's in the jacket.
She made the plant, clear the hallway.
Copy. Clear the hallway.
I know this might seem a little soon.
I've fallen in love with you.
The hallway's clear.
Copy. I'm making the call.
I thought all women can sense these things.
Pick up the phone.
Aren't you going to answer it?
- It's just someone from the campaign.
- No, it could be important.
They can call back.
Say it again, Alexis.
She hung up on me.
Say that you love me.
- What is she doing?
- She's baiting him.
I love you.
If I'm not very much mistaken...
...It seems that you
are falling in love with me, too.
I got her voice mail.
Would you order me a hamburger?
Of course.
- What is she doing?
- I don't know.
Why did she take off her jacket?
What is going on, here?
She has no intention of leaving that room.
Room Servlce, how may I help you?
Hello, a hamburger please.
- All rlght, everything on that?
- Yes everything.
- We'll send it right up.
- Okay.
What's that in her hand?
So now...
...is there anything else?
Yes.
Oh, my God, she's got a knife.
SWAT team, hit the room!
Hit the room, now!
You son of a bitch!
Hold your fire!
Get me some towels from the bathroom.
Nina, call in a medevac. We're losing him.
We cannot let him die.
Damn it!
- Just a minute.
- Yeah, sure.
I'm looking for Rick.
- Who are you?
- A friend.
Are you the one who keeps calling?
- He said I could come over.
- Not to me, he didn't.
- Maybe you should ask him, then.
- I was about to tell you.
I just didn't think she'd get here so fast.
What's going on, Rick?
I'll explain everything.
- I'm listening.
- First let her come in.
It's okay, baby.
What does she want?
Something got screwed up
with Dan last night.
Big surprise, right?
That's why my arm is messed up.
These guys Dan was with, they shot me...
You said you cut your arm on a fence.
These people Dan knows,
I need to find them.
And I was hoping
that I could go in his room...
...and find something, to lead me to them.
A phone number, an address...
So you just want
to look through Dan's room?
Yeah.
I was wondering if I could borrow
some money for the cab.
Teri.
You all right?
You don't remember me?
Phil.
- Are you my doctor?
- No, not exactly.
Henry, thank you for calling me.
Have you given her anything to eat?
I offered, but she didn't want anything.
No, it's...
Unless you want some water?
- Sure.
- Okay, some water.
All right, we're going to
figure out what this is all about.
We're going to get you well again,
you understand?
It's going to be fine.
Everything's going to be fine.
I don't know what to say.
We misjudged her emotional state.
No, we didn't. You did.
It was an unexpected
outcome for everyone.
- It's what I said it would be, a bad idea.
- Fine, maybe.
Right now we need
to figure out our next move.
- What's the status on Alexis?
- They're giving him a 50-50 shot.
But even if he lives,
they don't know how long until he talks.
Did you find anything in his room?
Phone numbers, documents?
No, nothing yet.
What am I supposed to tell District?
Anything.
Just keep them off my back.
I need some time before the field reports.
- Let me in.
- Hold on.
Where's Elizabeth?
- I heard about a stabbing.
- She's fine.
- Where is she?
- She's across the hall, she's in custody.
- What! Why?
- She stabbed Drazen.
It must have been in defense.
No, sir, that's not how it went down.
She broke from the plan, she attacked him.
You should have never let her
go through with it.
I got to call you back.
What's going on over there?
Senator.
- Let me in.
- Certainly.
Senator.
Don't say anything
until you speak to a lawyer.
I'm sorry, I don't know what happened.
It's all right, we're gonna work this out.
Please, step away, let us handle this.
I let you take care of it before,
and look where we are.
Sir, you are not helping matters right now.
Jack!
Excuse me for one second. What?
It's Alexis' phone. What do we do?
We got to take a chance.
Yeah?
- You have the money?
- Yeah.
Okay. We'll meet in 45 minutes.
- Where?
- I already told you.
At Connie's, downtown.
How will I recognize you?
I'll wear a red baseball cap.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org